Hello everyone welcome to ixtem motorcycle
for the video presentation of the new
integral of Japanese sho and the nxr then
if you know a little bit about the range
of toys you surely know the
hic it feels that was a model
flagship in their range had integrated the
sporty the nxr we suppose for new x r
is the substitute of the ixè rossant so
sporty rather high-end
so today I will not do you
a list of characteristics
techniques you can find that on
our site or even on the site of
maker
I had the chance to ride with any
the day yesterday and even this morning
again so I'll let you know
my impressions with this headset then
first thing that strikes when we
put on this helmet and that will be confirmed
after kilometers
it is that we have a great freedom
of movement one moves the head in
looking at each other left without any
embarrassment it's really also
does not impress wearing a helmet
done and at the same time we still
a great feeling of protection
and his feelings in my opinion this is the
result of the two great strengths of
this helmet is on the one hand its very hull
compact this is also to see if
you compare it with another helmet of
same size
the cap is super well drawn so
even at high speed you have no
aerodynamic pressure but even when
you take a quick look right
left at high speed it's not the
everything from stray vibrations and then
parallel so there are the foams of
cheeks cheeks they are they
are really royal they are very
enveloping very firm without generating
no excessive pressure or whatever
and that's what makes you go
turn your head to the right on the left
helmet am to the millimeter you do not have
not that feeling of people trying
to bring the helmet and he does not want to come
so that's for me the two big ones
strong points the hull very compact and
the mousses of really very very good
quality
second thing on this headset which is
very nice is the breakdowns on
is on an integral typed sport so
that's normal the breakdowns are
generous very generous even so you
go find four on the front
one at the classic chin level a
on the front and two on the top of the
skull and for good outdoors moisture
the heat all that you have in addition 6
extractor in the back so that's
generous you have cold limit when
you open all in winter what third
thing
the screen the screen is new on this nxr
so it's a bit confusing at first
is hard enough to handle in fact a
will at shaw and they did a
much more firm system which
allows when the site when the screen is
Closed locked it is strongly plated
on jeans waterproofing it's a big
advantage is that the seal is
really very good is not a net
of air passing and you win a small
little soundproofing so for a
sports helmet it is relatively
silent next to that good we're on
a sports helmet a so dual screen
solar must forget and then at the level
of the closure we are on a loop
double d so the classic tested a
integral sports so that's what I
could you tell about this integral
hot and the nxr after riding a
little bit with so a really a
high-end sports integral product
it is available so in finish
unique as you see here too
full of deco very successful coup the
prices will range from a little less
430 euros for the versions united to
501 that less than 530 euros for
decorations stuff available in the spring
thank you for your attention good road and
see you soon